[SectionIntro] Design guidelines (#306)
primer/brand: apps/docs/content/components/SectionIntro/index.mdx

---
title: Section intro
description: Use section intro to provide a title, optional description and link to a new section in the page.
---

import CustomVideoPlayer from '../../../src/components/custom-video-player'
import ComponentLayout from '../../../src/layouts/component-layout'
export default ComponentLayout

## Anatomy

![An image displaying a section intro with a title, description and a link.](https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/912236/719022fa-4694-42c0-8554-b1923c65739f)

- Heading: The title of the section.
- Description: A short description of the section.

> - Link: An optional link to expand on the content introduced.

Reviewer: On this page's title description, it says an "optional description" but here it says an "optional link." Hence I assume both are optional. We should probably keep this consistent depending on the use case of this component.

Author: Good point, I'll rephrase the `Description` description 😆

## Usage

> Use the section intro to introduce a new section element in the page. Section intros uses full-width of the screen and can be used in conjunction with other components that expands the content introduced. For example, the [card](/components/Card) or the [pillar](/components/Pillar) components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the section intro to introduce a new section element in the page. The section intro uses the full-width of the screen and can be used in conjunction with other components that expand the content introduced. For example, the [card](/components/Card) or the [pillar](/components/Pillar) components.
```

    <Caption>
      Use section intros to introduce a new topic in a section and combine it
      with other components and content.
    </Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/912236/7890cbc2-e588-4399-b903-78f2e581d05b" />
    <Caption>
      Don't use it as standalone element followed by other section intros.
    </Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

## Options

### Align

Section intro can be aligned to the start or center of the page. By default, the section intro is aligned to the start of the page to allow for an image or a visual asset to be positioned on the left. Use the center alignment if the asset is centered, not present, or the scenario calls for it.

<DoDontContainer stacked>
  <Do>
    <img src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/912236/1d2b0be3-e696-4d4d-9b65-e8bced96fe04" />
    <Caption>
      Use center alignment if the section intro is paired with a centered image
      or visual asset.
    </Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/912236/fa2f7c30-dd11-4b56-82ed-dbcb76245c6e" />
    <Caption>

>       Don't use center alignment if the section intro is pareid an image or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Don't use center alignment if the section intro is paired with an image or
```

>       visual asset placed on the left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      visual asset aligned to the left.
```
